**Design Pattern Decision: Dual Ownership Smart Contract with Emergency
Pause and Reentrancy Protection**

**Overview**

The design pattern for this smart contract involves a dual-ownership
system, an emergency pause feature, and reentrancy attack protection.
This model was chosen to enhance the security of the contract and
safeguard the interests of the users and the system.

**Dual Ownership System**

The smart contract is designed with a dual ownership system. This means
that two owners are required to confirm treasury-related transactions,
and modifying the contract\'s state require consensus from both owners
creating an additional layer of security. This design pattern is
intended to reduce the risk of malicious activities and unauthorized
transactions.

**Emergency Pause Feature**

An emergency pause feature is implemented in the smart contract to allow
for the suspension of project creation in critical situations. This
function ensures that users are unable to send funds to the contract
during the pause period, preventing potential losses during system
instability or identified security threats. However, the invocation of
this emergency pause requires the confirmation of both owners, ensuring
the appropriateness of its usage.

**Checks-Effects-Interactions (CEI) Pattern**

The smart contract also adheres to the Checks-Effects-Interactions (CEI)
pattern. This pattern dictates that checks (like who is calling, and
what they can do) should be done before any state changes occur within a
function, and external contract interactions should be the last thing
done. The CEI pattern is useful to avoid potential attacks and to ensure
the correct execution of state changes.

**Modifier for Owner Access**

The onlyOwners modifier restricts access to specific functions or
operations to only the contract owners. This ensures that only
authorized individuals (the dual owners) are allowed to execute critical
operations that can modify the contract\'s state or logic. Unauthorized
users attempting to invoke these functions will receive an error message
and will not be able to proceed.

**Conclusion**

This design pattern decision aims to provide a balanced approach to
security, control, and flexibility in the smart contract. It considers
both the operational needs of the contract and potential security
threats, providing robust protection and control mechanisms. It is
expected that this design will help build trust in the contract and its
management, fostering a safer and more reliable environment for users
